chore(dcgw): FAQ about Azure managed identity support (#5374)
Kong/developer.konghq.com: app/dedicated-cloud-gateways/reference.md

  - q: Does Dedicated Cloud Gateway use PKI certificates for control plane and data plane communication?
    a: |
      Yes, Dedicated Cloud Gateway uses PKI certificates for control plane and data plane communication like [hybrid mode](/gateway/hybrid-mode/) Gateways. 

>   - q: Can I use secretless authentication (AWS workload identity or Azure managed identity) for Dedicated Cloud Gateways?

Author: ```suggestion
  - q: Can I use credential-less authentication (AWS workload identity or Azure managed identity) for Dedicated Cloud Gateways?
```

>   - q: Can I use credential-less authentication (AWS workload identity or Azure managed identity) for Dedicated Cloud Gateways?

Reviewer: Consider if any of these products should have variables and if the capitalisation matches the usage in upstream AWS/Azure docs.
